Coaches bio 
 Head Coach: Attie Doak


My love for gymnastics started at seven years old, I was determined to teach myself with the help from an amazing neighbor. The greatest gift for my 9th birthday was my mom signing me up for a gymnastics class and I was hooked! 



I was a gymnast until 17 when I discovered my love for teaching others gymnastics. I’ve never looked back, teaching others gymnastics quickly became my passion. 



Teaching came pretty natural, I’ve always enjoyed being the 3rd of eight children who also homeschooled. So teaching others has also been an important part of my life as long as I can remember. 



I started as a Junior Coach at 12 years old helping as many classes as I could. At 16, I became a coach of our competition team. 



At 18, I took on head coaching responsibilities for our competition team, including teaching routines, cleaning routines, travel, and being their cheerleader for every win or loss which was a valuable learning experience.



I’ve taught all ages from 18 months to 18 years both girls and boys. I’ve also done  cheer clinics and love working with Cheerleaders to help improve flexibility, stunts and more. 



I find that teaching little gymnasts self confidence and that hard work, practice and discipline will help them develop the skills necessary for any challenge they face as they become young adults. Watching their confidence, work ethic and skills grow is what makes me love teaching gymnastics more and more everyday. I can’t wait to teach and develop your little gymnast at Double Dutch Gymnastics!





Parent info:

Double Dutch Gymnastics expectations and guidelines. (This is long but everything up to dress code goes under parent info) 



Thank you all for being a part of Double Dutch Gymnastics! We are excited for the year and what it will bring. This is a dream come true for me and my staff, that being said I’d like to communicate some expectations I have for you and your children. 



From us:

Our goal is to help your children grow in the sport of gymnastics in the most loving and nurturing way. Gymnastics is the basis for so many sports. 

Our goal is to teach you children with respect and encouragement. We want to empower your children, not only in gymnastics but in every aspect of their life, wether they take their knowledge of gymnastics to new sports or continue on the gymnastics path.



We want you children to have fun in class. We want them to reach for their goals and it is our responsibility to do our best to get them there. We strive for good behavior and respect in the classroom. 



You can contact us at pellabjj@gmail.com. Follow our Facebook and instagram @doubledutchgymnastics. Announcements will mostly be through Facebook and email! 



If school in Pella has a 2 hour delay due to winter weather, we will not have morning classes.

If school in Pella is cancelled or dismissed early due to winter weather, we will not have evening classes 


From you:

Please make your payments promptly. The easiest way to make payments is through jackrabbit parent portal. You are also welcome to drop checks or cash off to Coach Attie. You are required to have a jackrabbit account wether or not you intend to pay through the portal. 
Monthly fees will be due the first class period of each month. 

We will start promptly at the scheduled time. Please show up no more then 10 minutes early and no later then class time. 
We run back to back classes so coaches will not have time to answer questions between classes, please email us at pellabjj@gmail.com with any questions or concerns. 

Please set up a face to face meeting to share with us your concerns and reserve texting and emailing for schedule changes, payments, or other easy question. We want to maintain respect in our conversations and make sure that there are not misunderstandings that could have been avoided by face to face contact. You may direct concerns to Attie always. 


For student: 
We will teach your student to have an “I can do all things” attitude. We hope that this reinforces the behaviors you teach at home. Please encourage your children to come to class with positive attitudes. We will also encourage them to lift each other up in the sport of gymnastics. In the gym there will be no gossip, whispering or cliques! We will always work to have positive things to say to each other. Setting a good example to those who are around you! You never know who is watching and repeating behaviors. There will be NO CELL PHONES or cell phone use by students during class. Always have a positive word for those around you. Unkind words or actions towards staff or other students will not be tolerated and may result in dismissal from class both temporarily or permanently. 

Dress Code:  

 Girls: 
Any fitted leotard or tank top
Spandex/fitted shorts or leggings.
No watches, bulky jewelry, dangle earrings, etc. 

Boys: 
Tight fitting shirts
Fitted shorts or pants without buttons. 
No watches, bulky jewelry, dangle earrings, etc 

All athletes hair should be pulled away from face at all times during class. If your child does not come with their hair pulled back on a consistent basis there will be a “hair tie” charge added to your account. 
Make sure their hair is secured in a placement that they can successfully do rolls. No bulky buns. This will cause the athlete pain when doing rolls etc. 

Class info

Mommy and me:
Mommy and me program is for ages 18mo-2.5 yrs.
These classes are fun based and encourage the bonding between a parent and child during their fundamental developing stage. These classes are entry level and fun, with the goal of practicing following along in a group activity. We expect your children to possibly cry, protest, and or throw a fit. It’s all part of the process of learning a new skill. DDG is always a guilt free parent zone.
Your child will have 30 minutes of class which include:
10 minute game and stretch, 20 minutes of structured rotations which include:
Bars, Beams, Tumbling, fine motor skills, grip strength, special awareness, and body awareness.


Toddler. 
Toddler program is for 2.5-4.5 years.
These classes are fun filled and all about learning! Your child will be learning in a safe and loving environment that is focused on learning how to be in a class and following in line. Along with the foundation of gymnastics!
Your toddler will have a 30 minute class that includes:
10 minute game and stretch, 20 minutes of structured rotation which include bars, beams, tumbling, climbing, fine motor skills, and hand eye coordination.

Kids. 
Kids program is for ages 4.5-6.5 years of age. 
these classes are fun filled and all about improvement! You child will be encouraged to always try their best and stride to become better during every class. 
You child will have 45 minutes of class, which includes:
10 minutes of warm up games and stretching. 
35 minutes of structured rotations!
Structured rotations include: 
Vault, Bars, Beam, and Tumbling 

Recreational 
Recreational program is for ages 6.5+ 
These classes are fun based and all about success! your child will be encouraged to succeed in everything they do, whether that takes a day or a year! Your child will be encouraged to always take another step forward no matter how scary it may seem. 
Your child will have 60 minutes of class, which includes: 
15 minutes of warm ups and stretching.
45 minutes of structured rotations and stations. 
Rotations and stations include: 
Vault, Bars, Beam, and Tumbling. 


Pre Team program
This program is for children ages 5+. Parents must inquire for this program by Emailing or messaging us at- (put email…creating one 🤪)
This program is not a team commitment but the step before the team commitment.
Your child will be in class once weekly for 90 minutes. (May be twice weekly depending on your child’s skill level and age)
 Your child will be learning the fundamentals of gymnastics, safety when falling, how to memorize routines, good attitudes throughout class and when learning hard skills, and most important having the confidence to do it all!!
This class tolerance is very minimal and we expect the best from your children at all times throughout class.